I had that partnership with Delta and I
think we all have a partnership with
them at 50 years of age I've never been
so proud of what I'm doing and the
company that I work for as I am today I
need to use my own voice because Delta's
willing to listen I'm married I'm a
mother also three kids slide attend is
my entire career that's pretty much what
I've been doing my whole life I've been
flying with Delta for one year my one
year anniversary was January 8th 2015
I've been with Delta Airlines for years
now I used to be with Southwest Airlines
for eight years but I always wanted to
be a flight attendant for Delta I
believe that anyone who has not
experienced Delta cannot really
understand Delta I don't need someone
who's not familiar with what I'm going
through day in and day out to have a
voice for me if the I M gets in I think
there's a lot at stake I'm not
incredibly excited about paying these
dues every month for somebody to
represent me in a company I want to
represent me if I'd have to talk to
someone that doesn't have my Delta
interest who's not a delta person who
doesn't feel it this doesn't have the
Delta widget blood running through them
I don't think they could understand
where I'm coming from or how they can
take it further I'm most afraid of
losing the relationship with Delta they
still have those values ethics morals
high standards and I don't want to lose
that communication with my Delta Delta
takes care of me and I don't have to
worry about it and that is what I'm
afraid would go away the flexibility in
my schedule a days versus Reserve every
other month like all the airlines have
nobody else has that and we did all that
without a union are we willing to give
up what we have for the unknown once
you're in a contract it's hard to get
out of a contract Delta is completely
open-ended on wanting the communication
between employees and corporate there is
no middleman
at one point you start to realize you're
not just talking to your bosses you're
talking to fellow employees I'll go to
the office and knock on the door excuse
me when you have a moment shirt or what
do you need they get up from behind the
desk come over to me what are you doing
what do you need help with you always
feel supported you know they take care
of you and you take care of your
customers we have a commitment and we
have a passion quite often I look back
at almost 35 years and I said to myself
if I had to do it all over again I would
do it the exact same way it's not like
it's even a job it's your passion and
that shows my daughter could have had
the opportunity to work for other
companies and I urge you to be a jealous
audience and at first she wants to be a
dull place she wants to be like her
mother everything that I've done a Delta
I want my daughter to experience because
yes it's been fun it's been a wonderful
ride
that's my Delta